Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, Do better.
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character give him power.
Any fool can know.The point is to understand.
Until the lion learns how to write every story will glorify the hunter.
In a hyperactive world, stillness is the deepest rebellion.
In order to do something well we must first be willing to do it badly.
I  never dreamed about success, I worked for it.
My goal is to build a life I don't need a vacation from.
Future depends on what we do in the present.
The happiness of your life depends upon quality of your thoughts.
We can not become what we want to be by remaining what we are.
You can't use up creativity, The more you use, the more you have.
Experience is the hardest kind of teacher,It gives test first and the lesson afterwards.
Ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it's built for.
Make it simple, but singificant.
Opportunity is missed by people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Maturing is realizing how many things don't require your comment.
To avoid criticism: say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.
To create something exceptional, your mindset must be relentlessly focused on the smallest detail.
We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives.
I am grateful for what I am and have.My thanksgiving is perpetual.
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go.
Confidence without clarity is always a disaster.
Your brand is what other people say about you when you are not in the room.
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are te ones who do.
Live your life and forget your age.
Never ever compete on prices, instead compete on services and innovation.
Treat employees like they make a difference and they will.
Never wrestle with pigs.You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Qualiy is the best business plan.
Minimalism is asking why before you buy.
Price is what you pay and value is what you get.
Be productive, Not busy.
Always deliver more than expected.
I never teach my pupils. I only provide the conditions in which they can learn.
Always learn, unlearn and relearn.
If price is the best thing about something, you should not buy it. Ever.
Strength and grwoth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
Stop managing your time. Start managing your focus.
Focus your best hours on your biggest opportunities.
